A little girl walks into a pet shop and asks in the sweetest little lisp: ”Excuthe me, mithter, do you keep wittle wabbits?” The shopkeeper gets down on his knees (so that he’s on her level), and asks: ”Do you want a wittle white wabbit or a soft and fuwwy black wabbit or maybe one like that cute wittle brown wabbit over there?” The little girl puts her hands on her knees, leans forward and says in a quiet voice: ”I don’t fink my pyfon weally gives a cwap.”
Jesus saves, the rest of you take 2d6 damage.
George W. Bush and Tony Blair are at a White House dinner. One of the important guests walks over to them and asks what they are talking about. "We are making up the plans for WW III", says Bush. "Wow", says the guest. "And what are the plans?" "We are gonna kill 14 million Muslims and one dentist", answers Bush. The guest looks a bit confused. "One...dentist?", he asks. "Why? Why will you kill one dentist?" Blair pats Bush on the shoulder and says: "What did I tell you? Nobody is gonna ask about the Muslims."
Law of Mechanical Repair: After your hands become coated with grease, your nose will begin to itch or you'll have to pee. 
Law of the Workshop: Any tool, when dropped, will roll to the least accessible corner.
Law of Probability: The probability of being watched is directly proportional to the stupidity of your act. 
Law of the Telephone: If you dial a wrong number, you never get a busy signal. 
Law of the Alibi: If you tell the boss you were late for work because you had a flat tire, the very next morning you will have a flat tire. 
Variation Law: If you change lines (or traffic lanes), the one you were in will start to move faster than the one you are in now (works every time). 
Law of the Bath: When the body is fully immersed in water, the telephone rings. 
Law of Close Encounters: The probability of meeting someone you know increases when you are with someone you don't want to be seen with 
Law of the Result: When you try to prove to someone that a machine won't work, it will. 
Law of Biomechanics: The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the reach. 
Law of the Theatre: At any event, the people whose seats are furthest from the aisle arrive last. 
Law of Coffee: As soon as you sit down to a cup of hot coffee, your boss will ask you to do something which will last until the coffee is cold. 
Murphy's Law of Lockers: If there are only two people in a locker room, they will have adjacent lockers. 
Law of Rugs/Carpets: The chances of an open-faced jelly sandwich landing face down on a floor covering are directly correlated to the newness and cost of the carpet/rug. 
Law of Location: No matter where you go, there you are. 
Law of Logical Argument: Anything is possible if you don't know what you are talking about. 
Brown's Law: If the shoe fits, it's ugly.
A penguin was driving through the desert when his car broke down. He waddled to the nearest phone to call the AA. His car was quickly towed to the nearest garage where the mechanic told him he would need a couple of hours to check out the car. The penguin, being a good natured bird, didn't complain but wandered off to find the closest supermarket. He proceeded to the frozen foods section and hung out near the fish sticks. After an hour he got in the freezer next to the vanilla ice cream and ate several gallons. Then he saw the time and went back to the garage covered in ice cream. The mechanic walked over to him wiping his hands and shaking his head saying, "It looks like you blew a seal." Blushing, the penguin said, "Oh no! It's just ice cream."
Two atoms are walking down the street. One suddenly stops and says: - Oh no, I've lost an electron.. "Are you sure?" - I'm positive!
A sodium atom walks into a bar and orders adrink. It spots a chlorine atom sitting at the other end of the bar and runs into it. They were both arrested for a salt.
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. Upon being asked the price, the bartender responded: - For you? No charge.
Anagram: Catholicism - comical shit
Anagram: Feeling romantic - flaming erection
Anagram: President Clinton of the USA - to copulate, he finds interns
Anagram: Sleeping together - get her legs open